doc(migration guide) :add info regards 0.16 sdk version (#2672)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/migration/version-upgrade-guide.md

## v0.16.x

### modules

> - Ensure the the following `require` modules and `replace` directives with the specific versions are present in your `go.mod` file:

Reviewer: Ensure that the following `require` modules and `replace` directives, along with the specific versions are present in your `go.mod` file:

Author: hi @bharathi-tenneti this is exactly the same text that has been used for it. 
I think we do not need to change.

Reviewer: Please see here "Ensure the the", and correct it as you see fit.

	k8s.io/csi-translation-lib => k8s.io/csi-translation-lib v0.0.0-20191016115521-756ffa5af0bd
	k8s.io/kube-aggregator => k8s.io/kube-aggregator v0.0.0-20191016112429-9587704a8ad4
	k8s.io/kube-controller-manager => k8s.io/kube-controller-manager v0.0.0-20191016114939-2b2b218dc1df
	k8s.io/kube-proxy => k8s.io/kube-proxy v0.0.0-20191016114407-2e83b6f20229
	k8s.io/kube-scheduler => k8s.io/kube-scheduler v0.0.0-20191016114748-65049c67a58b
	k8s.io/kubectl => k8s.io/kubectl v0.0.0-20191016120415-2ed914427d51
	k8s.io/kubelet => k8s.io/kubelet v0.0.0-20191016114556-7841ed97f1b2
	k8s.io/legacy-cloud-providers => k8s.io/legacy-cloud-providers v0.0.0-20191016115753-cf0698c3a16b
	k8s.io/metrics => k8s.io/metrics v0.0.0-20191016113814-3b1a734dba6e
	k8s.io/sample-apiserver => k8s.io/sample-apiserver v0.0.0-20191016112829-06bb3c9d77c9
)

replace github.com/docker/docker => github.com/moby/moby v0.7.3-0.20190826074503-38ab9da00309 // Required by Helm
replace github.com/openshift/api => github.com/openshift/api v0.0.0-20190924102528-32369d4db2ad // Required until https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager/pull/1241 is resolved
```

### Bug Fixes and Improvements for Metrics

> There were some changes to the default implementation of the metrics export. These changes require the `cmd/main.go` be updated as follows.

Reviewer: There are changes to the default implementation of the metrics export. These changes require `cmd/main.go` to  be updated as follows.

	k8s.io/csi-translation-lib => k8s.io/csi-translation-lib v0.0.0-20191016115521-756ffa5af0bd
	k8s.io/kube-aggregator => k8s.io/kube-aggregator v0.0.0-20191016112429-9587704a8ad4
	k8s.io/kube-controller-manager => k8s.io/kube-controller-manager v0.0.0-20191016114939-2b2b218dc1df
	k8s.io/kube-proxy => k8s.io/kube-proxy v0.0.0-20191016114407-2e83b6f20229
	k8s.io/kube-scheduler => k8s.io/kube-scheduler v0.0.0-20191016114748-65049c67a58b
	k8s.io/kubectl => k8s.io/kubectl v0.0.0-20191016120415-2ed914427d51
	k8s.io/kubelet => k8s.io/kubelet v0.0.0-20191016114556-7841ed97f1b2
	k8s.io/legacy-cloud-providers => k8s.io/legacy-cloud-providers v0.0.0-20191016115753-cf0698c3a16b
	k8s.io/metrics => k8s.io/metrics v0.0.0-20191016113814-3b1a734dba6e
	k8s.io/sample-apiserver => k8s.io/sample-apiserver v0.0.0-20191016112829-06bb3c9d77c9
)

replace github.com/docker/docker => github.com/moby/moby v0.7.3-0.20190826074503-38ab9da00309 // Required by Helm
replace github.com/openshift/api => github.com/openshift/api v0.0.0-20190924102528-32369d4db2ad // Required until https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager/pull/1241 is resolved
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
- Run `go mod tidy` to update the project modules
- Run the command `operator-sdk generate k8s` to ensure that your resources will be updated
- Run the command `operator-sdk generate crds` to regenerate CRDs
```

	k8s.io/csi-translation-lib => k8s.io/csi-translation-lib v0.0.0-20191016115521-756ffa5af0bd
	k8s.io/kube-aggregator => k8s.io/kube-aggregator v0.0.0-20191016112429-9587704a8ad4
	k8s.io/kube-controller-manager => k8s.io/kube-controller-manager v0.0.0-20191016114939-2b2b218dc1df
	k8s.io/kube-proxy => k8s.io/kube-proxy v0.0.0-20191016114407-2e83b6f20229
	k8s.io/kube-scheduler => k8s.io/kube-scheduler v0.0.0-20191016114748-65049c67a58b
	k8s.io/kubectl => k8s.io/kubectl v0.0.0-20191016120415-2ed914427d51
	k8s.io/kubelet => k8s.io/kubelet v0.0.0-20191016114556-7841ed97f1b2
	k8s.io/legacy-cloud-providers => k8s.io/legacy-cloud-providers v0.0.0-20191016115753-cf0698c3a16b
	k8s.io/metrics => k8s.io/metrics v0.0.0-20191016113814-3b1a734dba6e
	k8s.io/sample-apiserver => k8s.io/sample-apiserver v0.0.0-20191016112829-06bb3c9d77c9
)

replace github.com/docker/docker => github.com/moby/moby v0.7.3-0.20190826074503-38ab9da00309 // Required by Helm
replace github.com/openshift/api => github.com/openshift/api v0.0.0-20190924102528-32369d4db2ad // Required until https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager/pull/1241 is resolved
```

> - Run `go mod tidy` to update the project modules

Author: ```suggestion

- Run `go mod tidy` to update the project modules
```

- Run the command `operator-sdk generate k8s` to ensure that your resources will be updated
- Run the command `operator-sdk generate crds` to regenerate CRDs

> ### Bug Fixes and Improvements for Metrics

Author: ```suggestion

### Bug Fixes and Improvements for Metrics
```

### Breaking changes

#### `TestCtx` in `pkg/test` has been deprecated

>  The type name `TestCtx` in `pkg/test` has been deprecated and renamed to `Context`. Users of the e2e framework should: 

Reviewer: The type name `TestCtx` in `pkg/test` has been deprecated and renamed to `Context`. Users of the e2e framework should do the following:

 
 - Replace `TestCtx` with `Context`
 - Replace `NewTestCtx` with `NewContext`

#### Scorecard only supports YAML config files
  

> The scorecard feature now only supports YAML config files. So, any config file with other extension is deprecated and should be changed for the YAML format. For further information see [`scorecard config file`](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/v0.16.x/doc/test-framework/scorecard.md#config-file)

Reviewer: The scorecard feature now only supports YAML config files. Any config file with other extension is deprecated and should be changed for the YAML format.

  
### Breaking Changes for Ansible 

#### Remove Ansible container sidecar 

> The additional of the dependency `inotify-tools` on Ansible based-operator images is deprecated and it will be removed in the next versions. In this way, update the `deploy/operator.yaml` file as follows.

Reviewer: The dependency `inotify-tools` on Ansible based-operator images has been deprecated, and it will be removed following next versions.To reflect this change, update the `deploy/operator.yaml` file as follows.

Author: Actually it is not accurate at all. I changed the text to. Please, let me know wdyt?

### Breaking changes

#### `TestCtx` in `pkg/test` has been deprecated
 
 The type name `TestCtx` in `pkg/test` has been deprecated and renamed to `Context`. Users of the e2e framework should do the following:
 
 - Replace `TestCtx` with `Context`
 - Replace `NewTestCtx` with `NewContext`

#### Scorecard only supports YAML config files
  

> The scorecard feature now only supports YAML config files. Any config file with other extension is deprecated and should be changed for the YAML format. For further information see [`scorecard config file`](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/v0.16.x/doc/test-framework/scorecard.md#config-file)

Reviewer 2: Are other extensions deprecated or no longer supported?

```suggestion
The scorecard feature now only supports YAML config files. Config files with other extensions are no longer supported and should be changed to the YAML format. For further information see [`scorecard config file`](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/v0.16.x/doc/test-framework/scorecard.md#config-file)
```

Author: HI @joelanford, 

I am not sure if I got your question: 
> Are other extensions deprecated or no longer supported?

See that:

> The scorecard feature now only supports YAML config files. Config files with other extensions are no longer supported ...

  
### Breaking Changes for Ansible 

#### Remove Ansible container sidecar 

> The Ansible logs are now outputted in the operator container, and has no need for the Ansible container sidecar. To reflect this change, update the `deploy/operator.yaml` file as follows. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ansible logs are now output in the operator container, so there is no longer a need for the Ansible container sidecar. To reflect this change, update the `deploy/operator.yaml` file as follows. 
```

> The Ansible logs are now are outputted in the operator container and has no long need for the Ansible container sidecar. To reflect this change, update the `deploy/operator.yaml` file as follows. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ansible logs are now outputted in the operator container, and has no need for the Ansible container sidecar. To reflect this change, update the `deploy/operator.yaml` file as follows. 
```

```yaml
- name: {{your operator name which is the value of metadata.name in this file}}
```

By default the full Ansible logs will not be output, however, you can setup it via the `ANSIBLE_DEBUG_LOGS` environment variable in the `deploy/operator.yaml` file. See:

```
...
- name: ANSIBLE_DEBUG_LOGS
  value: "True"
...
```

**NOTE:** The dependency `inotify-tools` on Ansible based-operator images has been deprecated since its usage was required just because of this container sidecar. It will be removed for the next versions. 

> - Now, you can use the environmentt 

Reviewer 2: Is the `inotify-tools` change user-facing? If not, we should not put it in the migration guide since there is nothing for a user to do.
